# Content Pool

Creators can create their private content base or submit their work to a larger public pool. The creator (or group) sets the public attribute of the content pools. It has the following meaning: to open the original work to the outside world (or specific groups) in the form of a collection and evaluate the collection's overall value using a particular value evaluation technique. A specific amount of tokens can be distributed after an evaluation to reward creators and communities. When creators post content, the overall worth of the content pool and the value of tokens will adjust based on the new material's evaluation value. Of course, when creators exploit content in the pools , it will cause a decrease in total value and a change in token value.

The above is part of the content pool's financial feature. From the dissemination aspect, the content pool is beneficial to both the exhibition of original material and the selection of high-quality content. The content creators provide to the content pool will be recognized by them and their communities as high quality and worth. Because of the content pool's financial features, readers in Hetu will pay greater attention to the content pools' work, whether it is a public or private pool. Besides, greater attention equals more reading volume, more scientific and comprehensive content screening and more possibilities to meet their potential fans for every original creation in the pool. Super creations will gain super fan groups , while regular content will at least attract more devoted followers.
