# Tokenomic

According to Hetuverse's position and operational planning, we believe everyone can see that it will be a very sophisticated platform. Furthermore, everyone in the founding team is a firm believer in the open network and decentralization philosophy. We'll strive to make Hetuverse into a fully decentralized, self-governing mega content platform and eventually a hyperstructure.

Under this circumstance, it will be tough for us to scientifically plan and design the token system of the Hetu platform from the start, and the hasty design and launch of the token system is likely to cause significant harm to Hetu's future development. However, while pushing the Hetu platform's function building, we have been doing some research on the token economic system. At this time, the following is our early planning and design of the Hetu platform's token economic system, which is merely for display and discussion, not the final system design.

&#x20;In order to provide incentives and support to platform users (including creators and readers) more scientifically and comprehensively and promote the construction and evolution of a vibrant content-based ecosystem, we initially plan to use three incentive schemes: credit, HTT(Hetu token) and Hetu NFT(composable NFTs).

Credit means experience point, not a token, which provides a thorough depiction of all users' behaviors in the Hetuverse. Hetu token is the basic token, earned by doing a variety of beneficial actions in Hetu (such as content mining, platform building, community contribution, etc.). Hetu NFT(composable NFT) is a governance token with platform self-governance rights, such as transaction arbitration and voting rights for platform iterations. The NFT has a superposition feature, and holders can help NFT automatically upgrade by continually enhancing their contribution within the platform, allowing them to get greater ability characteristics and value. The NFT's governance weight will be significantly reduced if transferred to others.
